[Applause]
everything
is wrong about this peninsula takes
place in the same world as train to
busan one but it's a very different
movie
why you got number one zombies that
transform so fast
the government collapses in one day
number two
these zombies can run infecting the
whole country
fast and getting it locked down from the
outside world
what would you do if you had to go back
in to that situation
not only do you have to face the zombies
you have to face the people who've been
surviving there
for the past four years not to mention
somehow getting out the movie didn't
need fast and furious chase scenes
so let me go over the good parts of the
plot
this is how to survive peninsula
we started with zhang suk and his family
trying to escape korea
as the entire country is being
terrorized by zombies
if we're trying to get out of the
country and onto the escape ships we
need
an escape route and the back roads
outside the city limits are the best bet
to get out of there
a lot of scared people are going to try
to use the highways and roads
causing traffic jams and getting killed
by zombies the back roads are pathways
that only a few people will ever think
about
something jung suk probably knows
because of his military training
he sees someone calling for help in the
middle of the road now if i see anyone
along the way
i'm speeding up and moving on personal
survival is the priority
and picking up anyone else puts you at
risk not only could you miss the escape
ships but you have no idea who these
people are
or if they've been bitten i can see the
husband has blood on his shirt
and the woman is holding a little girl
whose face
i can't even see for all we know they
could turn into zombies any minute now
and there's a boat to catch they make it
on the ships where the family is taken
to this waiting room
and zhang suk gets told by a korean
soldier that they're not headed to japan
but hong kong don't do this if you're
talking about secret information in
earshot
of all of these people you could start a
panic
look at this breakdancing zombie i would
try to get people to team up on this guy
as there's only one of him and there's a
lot more of us with blankets bags and
suitcases
as we saw in the first film a zombie can
be easily blinded just by covering his
face
and there are more than enough blankets
in the room with a few of us working
together
we should be able to hold it down and
crush its head by stomping on it
blankets can also be wrapped around the
arm acting like a show for protection
jongson gets blindsided by a zombie that
he puts down with two shots
unfortunately there are probably at most
14 more bullets left in the gun
standard issue pistols of the korean
army can be loaded with 16 rounds
and people are already turning into
freaking zombies
better make every shot count this is the
perfect chance to get his kill streak
and one shot kill 14 of the zombies
before they attack anyone
but he made the mistake of trying to
find his sister first
before making sure the room was safe he
tries to get his sister out of there but
she won't let go of his nephew
who's been bitten why do they always do
this
we know it's a bad idea to stay here any
longer because the newly affected people
will begin to attack what i would do is
shoot the kid and drag her out in there
she's obviously in shock and won't make
it without help taking away any reason
to stay makes it way easier to get her
out
she might hate us for it but she can
always make another one later
jung-suk runs out and shuts the door he
couldn't save his sister and nephew
but this was honestly the next best case
scenario
if the door hadn't been closed the
zombies would have spread throughout the
ship
killing everyone on board four years
later in hong kong
he's pressured into doing a job for
gangsters going back into korea with
three others
including his brother-in-law to find a
truck with 20 million dollars inside
if he brings it back he'll get to keep
more than half of it but only if the
money makes it back to the gangster's
boat
in three days getting involved with
gangsters in the middle of a zombie
apocalypse
is a bad idea gangsters will always pick
on those who have no easy way out
and keep those people in debt to them
this may sound like a good deal but
there's a chance of being stabbed in the
back
i'm just saying if i was a gangster i
would want the full 20 million with
interest
now jongsoo goes with the three others
by ship entering korea through incheon
preparing their gear as they wait to
arrive
ideally this is a one or two day
operation where they will be moving
around the city at night
because the zombies are sensitive to
sound and lights
to prepare for the zombies better not
only should a suppressed rifle be taken
but also a sidearm like a knife and a
pistol that takes nine millimeter ammo
the military and police also use nine
millimeter ammo
in their pistols meaning that they might
be more likely to find spare bolts on
their mission it also provides a larger
clip size
to shoot more runs on zombies before
having to reload something to also bring
are firecrackers
which can be easily bought in hong kong
and can be used as a cheap
simple distraction for any zombies
preparing for this operation is all
about practicality bringing things that
are easy to use
carry for a long time and we can bring a
lot of the group is given two satellite
phones which can be used to call the
gangsters
once the money has been found they land
in incheon port and look around the
deserted city
for a usable car this is a great idea
even if cars are noisy
they can cover more ground in less time
than on foot but given the situation
i would have looked for a hybrid car as
they tend to be quieter than gas-filled
ones
we also know that there could be a lot
of cash in the truck so it might have
been better to find a working car
that has a lot more trunk space now if
they find the truck we have no idea if
it even works
and it would definitely be noisier than
a large van but it does make moving the
money in a single trip
easier and possible to do they find a
truck but they don't know if it's the
right one
so jungkook goes to check it out this is
actually a good move
sending out only one person minimizes
the risk to the others
i wouldn't want to be the guy doing the
scouting but it's a good tactic if we
can get someone else to do it
i'd rather be sitting in the car
listening to the beegees
finally to find the truck with the right
license plate with 20 bags full of cash
they poke around the truck wake up the
zombie driver and accidentally hog the
horn
[Applause]
[Music]
i would have shot the driver before i
took him out of the seat instead of
attracting a horde of zombies
they're never dead when you need them to
be shooting at the cars to trigger the
alarms is a great idea to take off your
neighbors
and distract the undead we can save
bullets in time while giving the
vehicles
a chance to escape heading back to the
extraction point is the main goal here
and getting distracted by anything will
get us killed even if someone launches
flares at the car
stopping in the middle of the road is
stupid and dangerous since we know these
zombies are attracted to lights
being on the move is the best thing we
can do and these cars can easily outpace
the zombies
the cars end up crashing and jiangsuk
has to fight up a bunch of zombies
while his idiot brother hides in the
truck great idea
jon suk ends up running away once ammo
runs out but he gets jumped by one
zombie it's only thanks to two girls in
an armored suv
that he's saved at the last moment
jumping into their car they race away
pulling off crazy maneuvers
turns and running over zombies killing
zombies like this
will do more damage to the car which
can't be easily fixed i would have
studied the layout of the city
beforehand
that way we would have an exit strategy
to get back to incheon
you would definitely not want to be
locked inside the back of a truck
because it would be hard to tell when
it's safe to go out whether it's
nighttime or daytime and if the zombies
have left the area
honestly i wouldn't be surprised if no
one came to the rescue
the girl in the car is able to pull up
some fancy driving and takes them to
this underpass
full of zombies where her sister takes
out this remote controlled car
to distract them a clever solution that
has its drawbacks
rc remotes tend to have a short range
they also rely on insertable batteries
and the cars themselves are pretty
fragile they also are very stable so
they might end up turning over their
sights much like a turtle and become
unusable
they return to their hidden shelter
where jung suk wakes up
meeting the old commander and ming yun
the woman jung tsuk
left stranded on the side of the road
four years earlier
who doesn't recognize jungsuk through
his long bangs meanwhile a group of
bandits called unit 631
find the money truck and take it back to
their camp with their brother-in-law
still inside of it
when they find him he tries to trade the
satellite phone for his life
but he left it in the truck that's one
hell of a screw-up
leaving your one lifeline to the outside
world in the back of a truck
in the middle of a zombie apocalypse
this guy drinking alcohol
that's so 2016. i would say it's more
valuable as an antiseptic
and in a city with limited access to
clean water dehydrating yourself is not
good in the long run
but that becomes a non-issue as his man
captain sayo plans to shoot himself in
his face
he stops at the last moment when his
right-hand man tells him about the truck
they check it out together finding the
money inside as well as a satellite
phone which the captain uses
to make a deal to get himself out of
korea to survive in a zombie-infested
city
you have to be focused on yourself to
stay alive it may seem selfish
but this is honestly a good idea for
someone stuck in korea
as it's the best chance of getting out
on short notice
johnson's brother gets put into this
arena where he must avoid getting killed
by zombies
remaining alive until time runs out now
let's look at what's wrong here
first off these guys aren't trying to
use the size of the arena
the zombies are mostly attracted to
lights so moving where it's darker
will be an edge over the competition in
fact
the zombies seem to ignore the sides
even though the bandits
are cheering and yelling other mistakes
made are not working together
or finding a position to defend in this
situation
i wouldn't run around like a chicken
with its head cut off i would stick near
people to throw them at the zombies
stay safe near the entrance of the arena
and keep my back to the wall
this helps us keep the zombies in our
sights so that we can dodge them easily
i have none of them seen gladiator
[Applause]
are you not entertained another thing
that's wrong is the setup
it's risky to bring in zombies so deep
into the camp if anything goes wrong
another outbreak could happen all it
would take is the zombies
knocking down one of the fences that
spread throughout the complex
what i would have done is to have the
prisoners fight each other to the death
it would be just as awesome without as
much risk one more thing
how exactly is this place getting power
a lot of modern power stations
are mostly automated but they still need
a small crew to run and maintain them
honestly i wish they had more scenes
like this it would have been more
interesting than all the action scenes
they had
john took in the family as survivors
come up with a totally foolproof plan
to steal the truck from the bandits and
head to wincheon but the old commander
has some gripes about this
as his contact of major jane won't
exactly know where to rescue them
we can send a radio message to major
jane telling her that the group will
beat incheon in a day or so
and try to create a signal to find their
location in a zombie apocalypse it's a
good idea to work in small groups
as others may know how to navigate the
city better than we do they also have
resources that we can use
and other skills that can be crucial to
surviving not just shooting driving and
using radios
but things like horticulture first aid
and talking to women
a well-balanced team like that can get
us a long way through the apocalypse
that same morning the captain makes
plans of his right hand man and they
discussed and they should include more
bandits in the escape
bandits are not trustworthy and more
likely to betray you
cable the group small is best including
only people you can control or trust
now i would make sure i had one person
to drive one to shoot
and one to feed to the zombies the only
problem is the sergeant might catch
under the captain's plan
unless he's distracted jungkook tries to
radio major jane and talk to ming yun
about their shared past as they get to
know each other better
this would be a good time to take notes
of what they have if you need to ditch
your group to survive you'll need as
much as you can get your hands on
otherwise we should take stock of food
and ammo to prepare for attacking the
bandit camp
i'd be working out how to get in how to
get out and where to meet up in case we
get separated
that way no one will panic when things
go wrong the captain announces that they
will have a marathon game in the arena
but the sergeant could tell something's
wrong
and corners him in his office and steals
his booze that night jung suk and min
yun
sneak into the abandoned camp leaving
behind the girls and the suv
as the girls wait they spot a horde of
zombies moving closer to the bandit camp
this is the perfect time for using some
of the distractions they brought
now something to note about these
zombies is that they react more to light
than sound with this in mind what i
would do is set a signal flare off
at the other end of the road to move the
zombies away from the camp
john suk and ming yun find the truck and
the other broken sat phone
as well as the captain's right hand man
who begs them to take
and we find out that the captain has the
satellite phone
and that junsuk's brother-in-law is here
this is the perfect chance to learn more
about the camp to help our mission
i would ask them where the guards are
and where they patrol as well as which
gate is the least guarded
that way we would know the safest and
fastest route out of here
after we get what we need from him we
should gag and time up that way he can't
raise an alarm
and we can move on johnson runs into the
camp as the captain gets into a standoff
with ming yun who demands he give her
the phone should have told him to put
his hands up
the brother-in-law is back in the arena
and trying his best to survive
luckily jiangsuk comes in to save him
from the zombies using a smoke grenade
to cover their escape
and drawing the zombies out of the arena
using a flare gun
this genius plan sets the zombies loose
in the camp making it harder to get out
what i would have done is try to find a
generator room and turn off
all the power in the building then i
would use the flare gun to get the
zombies to the other side of the arena
so i could sneak in and get out now
going on a rampage and killing the
bandits is more fun
but it's also risky facing off against
so many people
even if i was a super early delta force
operator i wouldn't do a straight on
assault like that
at most we would want delay suppressing
fire as we got out of there putting
distance between us and them as you look
for a way out
this would be a good time to use any
other equipment we're carrying like
grenades or flares
as these can be used to cover our escape
or distract the zombies
trying to escape they get jumped by
zombies and the brother-in-law gets
killed by the sergeant
ming young drives the truck through a
nearby wall and jong suk takes the long
pause to look at his brother
before getting into the truck as the
bandits chase after him
now i can't blame him for taking a
moment but i mean get out of there
already
a head start is the biggest advantage to
have here because the noise of the truck
is going to attract a whole swarm of
zombies meaning we need time to
outmaneuver the undead
using distractions like fireworks or
trickery car alarms that send the zombie
hordes elsewhere jungsuk and ming yun
are saved by a nearby car
hawking its horn it's the girls who draw
the zombies away from the truck
the weather gets so bad that it starts
raining zombies and jiangsuk comes in
with the play of the game
shooting at a glass walkway he knows is
full of zombies
which lets them all pour out using the
environment and what traps are already
there
is a great way to buy time to escape
they spot a ship waiting in the harbor
but the suv is rammed by the captain
who takes the older sister hostage in a
situation like this
i would have gotten into the captain's
blind spot and shot him
he would have fallen over and let the
girl go without pulling the trigger
now something else we could do is shoot
through the hostage it might be cruel
but hey it's a problem solved the group
takes a third option and gets her free
but the captain kills the old man and
injures min young he manages to drive
the truck into the ship but he's shot by
the gangsters who then get eaten by
swarmer zombies
see this is why you don't trust
gangsters now the sun is out
so our priority should be to get out of
here and find some place to hide
if it were me after four years of being
trapped here i would likely know of
strategic places to hide throughout the
city but the zombies will be super
aggressive
now that it's daytime so we need to
distract the zombies using whatever it
is lie on the ground like glass bottles
or bricks
to sneak away i would say traps or store
a few supplies in these hiding spots
so that we could wait there until it was
night and go back to the old safe house
that word of advice places like
department stores train platforms or
apartments would probably be a bad place
to hide they would have been full of
people when the outbreak happened so
zombies are most likely already there
better places would be
cemeteries water treatment facilities or
shipping crates
the remote obscure places that less
people would think about hiding it they
also tend to be out of the way from
population centers
so there's probably not going to be a
lot of zombies there the shipping crates
especially would be hard for a zombie to
climb up
make it an ideal spot to wait it it's
not like a helicopter is going to come
out of nowhere to save you
not unless you called for it earlier in
which case setting off fireworks is a
great way to attract the attention of
whoever is in the helicopter
not only does it let them know that
someone's out there but it also tells
them where to go
something the girls obviously prepared
for unfortunately the noisy fireworks
attract zombies now kids and zombie
apocalypses are usually a bad thing as
they tend to slow the group down
leaving the child behind is the quickest
way to get to the helicopter
but picking up the kid and running is
the more humane option
if reaching the helicopter is my only
option at survival
i'd say we drop any excess weight like
bags
or even weapons rifles like the hk416
or the m16 we at least seven pounds
unloaded
unless it's a slingshot weapon over a
shoulder or a single handgun
it's gotta go these weapons mean nothing
against the horde of the undead
injured ming yun stays behind to shoot
down any zombies who get too close to
her kids
injuries in a zombie apocalypse aren't
just painful but they're almost
always likely to get you killed if you
can't run or fight then you're going to
get bitten or make a mistake
even if you survive the wound can become
infected or leave you bleeding out as it
can't be closed
in times like this you have to go out a
hero and sacrifice your life for the
sake of others
going down shooting is sexy but
impractical distracting the zombies to
save the others
smart and effective i would use car
alarms or horns to get the undead horde
to focus on me
and draw in as many as i could however i
would be careful to save one last bolt
for myself
that way i don't turn into a zombie
saving my friends the trauma
of having to kill me john slick and the
girls are rescued by ewan soldiers
led by major jane she wants to evacuate
now but the older sister grabs her gun
and makes her wait wasting time like
this is a huge mistake
there's no telling what the soldiers
would do or if they have orders to leave
very soon
this also puts everyone in more danger
as these zombies might reach the landing
zone
honestly i wouldn't be surprised if the
zombies heard the sound of the chopper
either way if someone was wasting time
when we were trying to escape
i'd shoot them wounding them so that i
could drag them onto the helicopter
and escape from this hell hole waited to
come all this way just to die in incheon
and although we might live with the
guilt we can feel guilty when we're out
of here
zhang suk decides to go get ming yat
drawing the zombies away from her
by firing into the air this gives her
enough time to get out of the truck
and limp her way to jungsuk who takes
her into the helicopter
leaving korea behind them there you have
it
everything you need to survive and beat
the zombie apocalypse
mistakes you should avoid making and
things you need to keep in mind
if you want to get out of there alive
now if you like this content
check out the how to beat playlist up on
the channel now
i've already got videos covering how to
beat the collector the laster glass
of oculus and the child eating shape
shifters
of the hole in the ground with a lot
more videos to come
but what do you think how would you
survive let me know your thoughts and
strategies
in the comments down below thank you so
much for watching
leave a like and subscribe to see more
videos like this until next time
have a damn good day